so I managed to get my hands on
battlefield hardline a little bit
earlier than I previously thought I
would now as soon as I came home from
school on Monday I managed to find a VPN
server in Singapore and I hopped into
hardline a little bit early now
throughout my entire playtime these past
two days I managed to find some clever
ways to level up very quickly and also
earn in-game cash a lot faster and I'm
going to be sharing those with you guys
today I found that these work the best
for pretty much any game mode but it
works really really well for Hotwire and
conquest so the first tip I've got for
you guys is to apply a 200% objective
boost and PT fo now if you're playing
Hotwire you're going to get about three
times the score you normally would at
the end of the match and sends visceral
nerf to the Hotwire score a tiny bit
from the beta this is a great
alternative for those that want to level
up really fast and easily now if you
don't know what Hotwire is basically you
drive cars around and they're kind of
like mobile conquest flags you can go on
some pretty high score streaks by just
driving around the map pretty much and
with the added 200 percent objective
boost you're getting about three times
your normal score by simply playing the
objective so not only are you helping
out your team you're also leveling up
really fast as well and this XP turns
into in-game cash too so the more you
earn the more cash you'll be able to use
to spend on weapons attachments etc now
this stuff is not just limited to
Hotwire if you're playing conquest large
or conquest small for example you will
get about 750 points for each flag that
you captures so if you run around the
entire game and focus less on kills and
more unplayable up a hell of a lot
faster now the XP boosts work a
different than battlefield 4 is dead
basically you can apply a boost to one
specific class operator for example so
it won't be just a general XP boost
being applied you actually have to play
on the specific class you put it on now
which is pretty cool now pretty much the
main three game modes to level up fast
in our Hotwire conquest and blood-money
conquest small and Blood Money are
really good modes if you want to just
kill farm and rack up a lot of XP and
hardline now Blood Money seems to be a
really solid mode if you slap on a two
hundred percent objective boost I think
you would get about 1,500 points from
delivering ten piles of money from the
pie
to your vault and the point of this
video is this the only way you're going
to level up fast in this game is to play
the objective and help out your team I
mean sure you can play it just to kill
people but you're going to level up a
whole lot faster if you PT fo now the
last in one of the most important things
you can do to level up really really
fast is to play conquest on the block
now there's a few servers that are on PC
that run 24/7 so this map is definitely
the new Metro it's vertical with 64
players it's pretty much operation Metro
all over again now the good thing about
this is that you can apply a 200%
teamplay boost and simply throw it on
meds and revive people you're going to
get a lot of XP from doing this
considering the matches are usually 2400
tickets so if hot water is not your
thing I highly recommend giving the
block a try now this is by far one of
the easiest methods you can do to level
up very quickly one team is usually
spawn trapped so if you can manage to
get on the team that is spawn trapping
you're going to have a really really
good round I think I ended up with
almost a hundred kills a few times now
and the matches end up lasting about an
hour so - so that is plenty of time to
grind out some XP and kills now one
thing to remember about hard line is
that XP turns into endgame cash as well
so the more you earn the faster you
level up and the more money you get to
spend playing on the block will probably
get you about thirty to forty thousand
dollars a match depending on how good of
a player you actually are so if you want
to buy the pink zebra camo definitely
try out this map trust me it is by far
one of the best methods right now so
pretty much utilize your boosts throw
ammo and meds PT fo and play on the
block those are pretty much the four
main ways you're going to level up and
earn cash really fast in battlefield
hardline now there are different kinds
of XP boosts I think I've seen it one so
far for getting kills a few for
objective play and then some to earn
reputation streaks a lot faster so guys
make sure to utilize these to their full
potential and that about wraps up this
video guys now as this video tends to
get older and older throughout the next
few months I'm sure we'll be able to
find out some new ways to gain XP and
money a lot faster so if you're watching
this in the future or you figured
something out that I did not cover in
this video then
please make sure to share it in the
comments if you enjoyed this video then
make sure to subscribe for more hardline
coverage I'm planning to release a lot
of videos next week since I am on spring
break so make sure you're subscribed so
you don't miss any of it last but not
least if you're planning to buy
battlefield hardline then make sure to
get it for cheap on g2a there's a link
in the video description and whenever
you guys buy something using my referral
link I get a tiny kickback as well to
improve my PC hardware and the content
on the channel for you guys so make sure
to go check it out if you haven't gotten
hardline yet it's about 40 to 45 dollars
at the moment so it's a pretty good deal
anyway if you guys could leave me a
rating if you found the video to be
helpful I'd really appreciate it thanks
for watching and I'll see you in the
next one